		       TECO - Text Editor and COrrector

    TECO's history goes back a long time.  Its roots go back to 1962, when
it was conceived by Daniel L. Murphy at MIT on Digital Equipment Corporation's
first computer, the PDP-1.

Since then, TECO has seen many implementations and additions to its power.
This implementation, TECO-X draws its roots from TECO-32 for the VAX/VMS
operating system, which in turn has its roots in TECO-11 for the PDP-11
computers.

PDP-11 TECO started out as a brute force translation of OS/8 TECO by Hank
Maurer and Bob Hartman at Ford of Cologne, West Germany.  OS/8 TECO came from
a program originally written by Russel Hamm, way back when...

It was modified for OS/8 by the O.M.S.I crewa, speeded up, shortened, and
made PDP-10 compatible by Richard Lary of DEC with assistance from Mario
Denobli of the P/S.  The brute force translation was further munged and
altered by Mark Bramhall of DEC to bring it into more standard PDP-11 code
and make a high/low segment split.

Memory size expansion was added.  Further PDP-10 compatabiliy was done by
Anton Chernoff.  Various new commands and features were added again.  Finally 
TECO-11 was born!

This was then brute-forced to VAX Native mode by Rick Murphy and updated
by Andy Goldstein.

Now, much further down the line, VAX TECO-32 has been translated from MACRO-32
to C making it portable to and operating system with a C compiler.

----

NOTES:

* Currently implementing the pop/push of macros and parenthesis'.  Need to
  finish this and investigate if UTM is still happening...

* TECO job control support for UNIX....

	Currently a ^Y (depending on certain flags) will return you
	to the parent shell.  However, when you restore the job we
	get our terminal characteristics screwed.  So, we need to
	reset them when we become active again...

  SIGCNT needs to be intercepted and handled appropriately...

  This works now.  However...what doesn't work is ^Z...that is broken
  after a 'fg'.

  Probably need to be able to compile out job control on UNIX...
